# project_team_3
The navbar uses flexbox for positioning. The logo is positioned on the left side of the navigation Bar, where as the titles of the webpages in the navigation bar are set to be positioned on the right side. The "a" command is styled so every text-decoration is removed and appears as only text. The beating feature on the logo is done using css animations. The background of the logo is set to radial-gradient which gives it the circular shape, alligned on the center of the logo and using rgb, colored appropriately. The animation intervals is set to 1.5s to give it the tempo necessary. The @keyframes gives the opportunity to style the animation. Rotation, fade and others are done using the @keyframes attribute.

The footer implements a similar css styling. Except having the ul elements go througha  multilevel styling to give the webpage the dropdown menu option when hovered over. In this case that styling is used on the social media contact icons, so when the user hovers over them it will give the option to contact each group member. The logos are implemented using the script attribute and an online icon generator.

The blog's code creates a news card interface by styling HTML elements. It uses a container class that includes a table and two cards. Each card is defined by the card-box class, which contains an image and card-text class with card-data, title, and description. The CSS properties define specific styles for each element, such as width, height, margin, padding, font-size, font-weight, color, background-color, text-align, line-height, and vertical-align. The result is an attractive and adaptable news card interface.

For the meet the team, the code is styled by CSS for styling the section element. The $accentColor uses lightblue color command. The next command. "html,body" uses height of 100%. The "body" element uses display:grid and place-items to centre the section elements. The section command styes the section element with max-width of 25erm and margin of 2erm. For the title, the font size is 2erm and marging bottom 05em. text's fonst size is 1.15erm.For the background, position is relative with white background with 2erm 1erm padding. A resource for the border of the team picture is this one https://codepen.io/natszafraniec/pen/abYQxKV

For the recipe pages, it uses an html code syled with CSS. The whole body is moved to the right side using "margin-left" with 150px. Header one is positiones with realtive. Header is styed with color of rgb(8, 115, 😎. The ingeridents are ordered with unorderd lst. The directions are written using h3 and paragraph. For the nutritional part, table and thead are used to position the number of calories, fats, carbs and protein.
